Dongfang Peng rides like ants on a hot pan
Kneeling and begging to see you
Be lenient on liquidated damages
Let him in. Come on in.
An's Group is usually Vice President Yuan in Bangdali
It's an honor to meet Mr. An today
I heard that someone wants to break the incense of Dongfang Family
I say it's a wild girl and his hired boss
Want to corrupt him
Blackmail failed, and he became angry and murdered
It seems that your precious son is not honest either.
Even my father lied
I was at the Peony last night
What I saw was clearly Dongfang Ruixiang
Rape as a girl
How did the fraud come about?
I didn't expect Mr. An to be there too
I am not only
Me and my husband
It's what you said
Wild girl and his hired boss
I put a bounty on the murderer for half a day
It turned out to be Mr. An
Dongfang Run wants to rape me
It was my idea to get rid of him
He brought it upon himself
If I kill Yasuiwa
The consequences
It's not something that ordinary people can bear
Now you know
Why Eastern Stocks
Tens of billions evaporated overnight
Understand
And I, Yasui Iwaki, never bully anyone
But if you want to continue to retaliate
Don't blame me for making your Dongfang family disappear
Dongfang Family will never pursue my identity again
Don't tell Dongfang Run
In addition, what you said today should not be leaked out.
One word is take care of your son
Otherwise next time
But it's not as simple as breaking off children and grandchildren
Let's go out.